>>ANNOUNCER: And now, world
renowned spirit medium James
Van Praagh.
>>JAMES VAN PRAAGH:
Hi, everyone!
Hi, thank you!
Thank you very much.
Thank you, and
thank you, and also
thank you for coming together at
"Spirit Talk" where I take you
one step closer to heaven.
And today's topic I find
very, very interesting.
It is one which we've
all probably heard of.
We maybe even used the term.
We've talked about and we think
we know the meaning of it.
And I thought today we would
discuss it even further
to go forward to really
more understanding it more.
And the term I'm
going to use is karma.
How many people here
use the term karma?
Yeah?
And what do you think it means?
I'll probably pick-- Just,
what are your concept of karma?
Anybody want to just share?
Anybody?
Yes, this lady right here.
>>AUDIENCE: A soul debt.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You what?
Like a--
>>VAN PRAAGH: A soul debt--
what do you mean by that?
>>AUDIENCE: Something
you need to repay.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Something
OK, OK, a lot of us think that.
Something you need to repay.
Anybody else over here, perhaps?
>>AUDIENCE: So I think of
it as coming into balance.
So it could also be
receiving something
that you have given
away in a past life.
And now it's come back to you.
It's all about balance
is how I look at karma.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Very good.
And this lady up here.
>>AUDIENCE: I just wanted
to piggy back on this woman.
And I think it's also
about opportunity
to relearn something.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Opportunity
OK, that's good.
I like all three of
those definitions.
I think they're all right.
All three of those,
I feel, are right.
Anybody else have any other
insights into something?
Yes, I'm-- wait.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: I also
think atonement.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
think atonement?
Now, what does that mean?
>>AUDIENCE: Sort of like the
idea of paying things back.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Paying
things back as we said--
>>AUDIENCE: So
karma and atonement
is what comes up for me.
>>VAN PRAAGH: When
I hear atonement,
I think of religious
connotation, yeah?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm
thinking sort of like--
>>VAN PRAAGH: --sure.
>>AUDIENCE: --with
the balancing.
So if you take something,
giving it back.
Or if you've hurt somebody,
making up for that.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Balancing things out,
making them even.
OK.
I like all of those definitions,
and I think they're all right.
I think they're all accurate.
I think that so many people
out there over the years
have used the term
karma erroneously.
And I think that they
just jump into saying,
oh, that's bad karma.
We've all heard, oh,
that's bad karma, or that's
good karma based upon
maybe what you said,
what you did to somebody,
or-- oh, guys, they're
going to get bad karma.
And you know, that
karma hit my dogma.
It's terrible.
I put that in one of my books.
It's a little levity.
So-- in traditions back east,
of course, dogma-- dogma
means positive things.
Positive you give
out, you get back.
So it's all correct.
I am someone who
likes to be very, very
simple about my
definitions and my truth.
And I base it upon my
communication with the spirit
world for 40 years or 30 years.
Oh my god.
I'm getting older
before the seconds.
30 years.
But it's really interesting.
Because I think we should
just bring it all the way down
to all those definitions and the
simple fact that it's energy.
It's energy.
And we as God beings, God
light, this light of God,
is constantly creating--
creating, creating, creating.
And in that creating, whether
we're conscious of creating
or unconscious of
creating, we are
consecrating-- being God light.
So we create with energy.
And what you think--
thoughts have power.
Thoughts have energy.
Words, of course, have power.
Feelings, emotions, power.
And actions which you do
for another individual
or for yourself, by the way--
I just-- I want everyone
to realize that karma is
really-- you are karma.
You are-- it's
how you have-- how
you act, how you behave, what
you give out, what you create.
That's really what it is to me.
I always say how people
treat you is their karma.
How you react is yours.
So what are you going to
do with the energy which
you have given out?
What are you going to
do with that energy?
How are you going to, as
God, create that energy
and bring that out
into the world?
That's really, really
important, I think.
And once we have that
concept of karma,
or if I could just say being
mindful with energy-- what
you're giving out, what
you're creating, I think then
if we can start living
that way, that we're
responsible for everything
that we give out,
anyone we meet on
our path that day
whether it's in an elevator,
whether it's at a coffee shop,
there's karmic--
there's energy being
transferred back and forth.
And it's up to you as
this responsible God being
to make sure that it's the
best possible energy you
can give out.
Yes?
And I think that's
why we're here.
I think that's why we're here.
Anybody have certain things
that, in their lifetime,
you find that you
have situations
in your life, scenarios in your
life that you have bad karma?
So we say I have bad
karma, or bad things
happen, or stuff like that.
You never can catch a break.
Does anybody always
have that experience?
Right over here,
what's your name?
>>AUDIENCE: Erin
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hi, Erin.
Do you want to come up on stage
and we'll just work with you
a little bit?
>>AUDIENCE: Sure
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
I won't bite you.
I promise.
Welcome to the bridge.
OK.
So I just wanted to
add-- to ask you,
because you said that, you
know, we talked about karma.
And just tell us
why you think you
might have had some bad
things or what has happened.
If you are-- whatever
you want to share.
>>AUDIENCE: I mean--
>>VAN PRAAGH: I just want to
look at things differently.
>>AUDIENCE: Good and bad stuff.
So it's not all crap.
But, well, the
relationship gig of it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Let's go there.
>>AUDIENCE: Stinks.
>>AUDIENCE: Constantly.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So I just want
to say to you, as we talk
about karma and we talk about
energy, what we give out
and what we receive
back, I want everybody
to realize that karma
is really-- it's energy.
But it's also-- we have to
realize that this is indeed
our school room down here.
And as souls, we come back here
to learn many, many experiences
and situations.
And sometimes, if we could
put a label of karma,
whatever, that's fine.
And I just want to just
work with you to see--
and no judgment here--
complete, absolute--
it's just really assessing
it and observing it.
So let's just-- I
just want maybe we
can see it a different way
or let's see what's going on.
So go on.
What was the first
thing that you feel--
>>AUDIENCE: Oh boy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: --relationships.
And you're helping
probably a lot
of people watching this, too.
So why you feel you had
bad karma or bad things?
Or what was it?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, I feel
that I'm constantly
giving in the relationship
and not receiving.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
your whole life,
was that a pattern
your soul's had?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
Friends, relationships, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
why do you do that?
>>AUDIENCE: Well,
I'm a caretaker.
I like-- it makes me
feel good about myself
to care and to give.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Fabulous.
Hold it right there.
How many here in the
audience feel the exact way?
Caretakers, giving.
Yeah, a lot of us.
Good.
So-- and sometimes, we might
have unrealized expectations
of others.
Is it--
>>AUDIENCE: Absolutely.
>>VAN PRAAGH: --may be right.
Right.
So if we say that,
you know what, I give.
I'm giving freely.
I'm giving to
help, to heal them.
And that's good
karma for me, right?
And we sometimes expect that
same level of receptivity.
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Exactly.
And a lot of us do.
A lot of us do.
And guess what?
I do.
I mean, I've been
through this one.
I've been through this lesson.
I think I'm still going
through it a little bit.
I think I've maybe
conquered it past two years.
But I had to get
to the realization
that you have to give freely.
You have to give the free energy
freely, and whatever comes
back comes back-- if
it does come back.
But you're not doing it
to receive anything back.
You see what I'm saying?
So, so, so, when we give
freely as a caretaker,
we just have to give because
that's the right thing to do.
So I just want to look
at it a little bit
differently that way.
>>AUDIENCE: I agree.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I think also
we get caught up sometimes
in that we give away--
we really-- we mix it up.
Because we think, if I'm
giving and doing that,
it shows I love them.
Well, you can love somebody
without having to do that,
right?
So you can give--
create options for them,
create scenarios for them
to be the best they can be,
create that space for them
in their life in some way
where you don't have to feel
like I'm always giving, giving,
giving.
Just create that.
You understand what I mean?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
OK, what about another.
And everybody can relate
to that, I'm sure,
that's listening.
Because that's a
very common lesson
that we go through overgiving,
especially healers, by the way.
Especially empathetic
people, givers, like that.
And there's got
to be boundaries.
We've got to be-- we
have to honor ourselves
enough to have
boundaries with that.
Do you have any
karma with family?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, uh-huh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh,
tell us about it.
We wanna know.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: How many
people in your family?
How many siblings?
Or--
>>AUDIENCE: I have two sisters.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Two sisters.
OK, what's your karma
with both of them?
>>AUDIENCE: Ooh, gosh.
Well, once again, it's sort
of the same role being played.
I feel like I'm the caretaker.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So that's a
role that you can relate to.
Always taking care of them.
OK, so maybe-- now, some
people think karma and being
in that role, that role
playing, that in this lifetime,
I have to go back and
take care of them.
And that could be my karma.
Now, I can agree with that too
in that, in several past lives
perhaps, you might
have been in the role
where you had to receive
and you didn't give out.
And now you have to
be the one to do that.
So that could be also karma,
energy, action from the past.
Remember, there's a natural law.
Of every action,
there's a reaction.
And so an action in a past
incarnation could be you
were in the role of like always
having to be there receiving,
receiving, receiving,
and not giving.
And now you've come back into
a situation with other souls
and you're playing
out your roles
as we do when we come back here.
And you're-- that-- does it
feel right to you, by the way,
in that role?
Does that feel natural to you?
Does it feel not right?
>>AUDIENCE: No, it
feels-- it feels right.
I like giving.
I do.
It's just I-- it
would be nice to--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Receive
>>AUDIENCE: --receive and to
have some sincere gratitude.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
And what would that do for you?
>>AUDIENCE: It would
confirm myself.
It would confirm--
>>VAN PRAAGH: So do you
need them to make you feel--
>>AUDIENCE: I do
not-- I need-- yeah.
I do not.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
do not need that.
Because you could
have gratitude,
and you could have a really
positive, good sense of you
just gave freely from the
heart unconditionally.
If we could all love
unconditionally, gosh,
wouldn't we be
happier people, right?
But when we start putting
conditions on our love,
then we get screwed up.
You see what I'm saying?
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I'm just--
I'm being helpful here.
Because all of us are
benefiting from this.
And it's really,
really important
that no conditions on that.
It would be really
nice to receive.
But I think if we put
it out unconditionally,
we will receive back in many
other ways, and actually
much better ways, too.
And it comes back to you.
So again, if you can be
clean with sending out
that love, if you can be
clean with your actions,
helping another person, really
assisting them, nurturing them
unconditionally because
that's who you are,
then I think you'd receive
back, because that's
what the action is.
So when you send out
that creative thought,
that creative action, then
we're giving that out.
And I just want it
unconditionally, all right?
How are your mom
and dad situation?
What's your karma with them?
Because we always have karma or
with energy with their parents
now, don't we?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: --our families,
you know, with that.
We come back.
>>AUDIENCE: My father
is physically disabled.
So he, you know, he
requires more assistance
than others and a
little bit more--
He has isolated himself
a little bit more.
So it's very hard for me to--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right, so
let's stop right there.
So isn't this interesting?
I wonder who takes care of him.
And I know that you probably
take more care of him
than the other siblings do.
Because that's your role.
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
And that's OK.
That's loving him.
It's just giving
that love to him.
But that definitely-- that's
that role again you're playing.
And, you know, are you
connecting with his heart?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So you're
able to talk to him
and then just relate to him
and communicate on that level.
That's very, very good.
I just always say when
someone is handicapped,
whether they grow up that
way or they become that way
when they're aged, I think
it's a wonderful opportunity
for your soul's growth,
for a lesson there.
And I think it gives
an opportunity.
And it's not always sometimes
for the person in that handicap
position.
But it really is, many
times, for those around them
to give unconditionally.
Isn't it interesting?
So I feel like you're
just one step further out.
It makes a big
difference, doesn't it?
Yeah, that's all.
Good.
Any questions?
Did you get that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah
>>VAN PRAAGH: How are you
going to change things now?
>>AUDIENCE: Well, I have been
working on and will continue
to work on appreciating--
appreciating myself and--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
you're gorgeous.
>>AUDIENCE: Acknowledging--
oh, thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You are.
She is.
You're gorgeous.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
Just acknowledging myself and
not needing that confirmation.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Exactly.
>>AUDIENCE: You know,
and I know that I
am seeking confirmation a lot.
And if I don't get
that confirmation, I--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Feel
bad about yourself?
>>AUDIENCE: I do.
And I do know--
>>VAN PRAAGH: See,
you're-- yeah,
you're programming
yourself like that.
You're really setting yourself
up then for disappointment.
>>AUDIENCE: I am, I am.
And that's when I
face a disappointment.
Because when I open
myself up and just give
without the expectation, that's
when I am just so much more
happy and filled with gratitude
for myself and everything.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because that's
your natural state of being.
The human part of us
is a conditioning part.
As humans, we have
these conditions.
But the spiritual part
of you, your soul,
doesn't need those conditions.
Your soul just is.
You're just God.
You're just that light.
You just permeate.
That's who you are.
So when we stop putting the
conditions on that light, when
we stop closing down
that light and try
to fit that light into boxes,
you'll be a lot happier.
And never look to anybody
else for your happiness.
Got to find it here.
OK, Dorothy.
Right?
From "Wizard of Oz"?
Go right inside.
>>AUDIENCE: "The Wiz," yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
So thank you, sweetheart.
Appreciate it.
Give her applause,
round of applause.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
You can go back to your seat.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Give me a hug goodbye.
Was that all right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's
not that bad, uh-huh?
Well, thank you very, very much
for stepping up here and doing
that.
I know it took courage.
But just by us looking at that--
and, you know, not judging it,
just observing
it, assessing it--
I think that helped
everybody that's watching
and everybody in the
audience that you can just
look at something a
little bit differently.
And the work that
I do-- that we do,
I should say--
I'm just a vessel,
but that the spirit world comes
through me and tries to help--
is really to have that
awareness of self.
Awareness that you are this
incredible spiritual being,
and we need nobody else's
approval to be who we are.
And I think sometimes
just being who we are
and what comes out
of us with our love
and being that, just giving
of yourself, it's hard.
Human world, hard,
difficult, limitations.
A lot of people base
their life on fear.
But if you just be who
you are and emanate that,
they'll get enough from
you just in your energy.
They don't even need you
to do anything for them.
Just be who you are.
They just love your light.
It really does work that way.
So while I continue
with our theme of karma
or the law of cause and
effect-- what you give out,
you get back-- I thought
it would be really, really
interesting if I can
connect to the spirit world
and find out what your karmic
obligation or karmic lessons
are with those loved ones
who have passed over.
Doesn't that sound cool?
Oh, I know.
It sounds really good.
Sounds cool.
So I'm going to that.
So before we do that, I'd like
to welcome in the spirit world.
And how we do that is this.
The spirit world is
always around us.
And I work for them, really.
But we're all in
the party together.
In order for them to come into
this atmosphere which is around
you, I always say we
have to have a party.
We have to invite them
in and have a party.
Because I know all of
you, if you go to a party,
you don't want to go to
a place where there's
no food or drink or
music or lights are off.
It's like, you want to
have a good time, right?
So-- so I think there's a
good way of inviting them in,
the spirit world.
And we'll see who comes in.
And we'll see it's really
not for you per se.
It's really for them who
needs to come through--
not who you want
to come through,
but who needs to come through.
And we'll see as many
as we can do, yeah?
You'll be very surprised
at certain things that
come through with when they
come in, if they come in.
I never know.
It's a crap shoot.
So to get this
party started right,
we're going to do a little
meditation, a very little
meditation.
I just want to get the
energy set for them.
So just close your
eyes, if you would.
And as you close
your eyes, I just
want you with your mind to just
be aware of the physical body.
Be mindful of the sound
of my voice and the music
gently behind it.
Be aware of your feet
on the floor, your legs,
your backs on the chairs,
your shoulders and your arms,
your neck and your head.
Also, just have out that
thought, that awareness.
Just consider that you, being
a light being, a spirit,
you're not limited
to the physical body.
But your light goes way
beyond the physical body.
You are limitless and boundless.
So your light goes all the
way down to Mother Earth.
Let's connect now with
Gaia, Mother Earth.
Connect with her
beautiful structure,
her nurturing energy.
She gives life to so much.
We never give her gratitude,
yet we take from her abundance.
So now is a time where we could
have an attitude of gratitude
for Gaia, for Mother Earth,
and thank her and bless her
for sustaining us here on this
earth, on her lovely planet.
And just feel the energy come
up your feet, come up your legs.
That's great.
You're feeling it up.
Seeing the auric changes.
Very nice.
And just feel
stabilized connecting
with that lovely mother.
I always work with her.
I also at this point want you to
have that realization that way,
way beyond us, above us, there
is a beautiful light world.
Perhaps there's a star
with your name on it.
Try to connect from
the top of your head
a beautiful golden light
that reaches all the way up
with your mind to a star
that has your name on it
and resonates with you.
And as you do that, bring
that beautiful awareness
of that light, that divine
energy, down into the body,
into your heart.
And as it comes
down into the heart,
that heart light opens
up in a green light
and spreads throughout
the body of the human.
We can bring more of that
beautiful light awareness
into the body with the breath.
I'm going to ask
you to inhale-- we
count to three-- to your heart.
And exhale out of
your mouth of all
the old, stagnant energy
you no longer need.
So together, let's begin.
And inhale.
And hold it two, three,
four, and exhale.
Let it go.
All that exhalation, all
the old stagnant energy
going down to Mother
Earth to recycle.
And inhale more of that
beautiful, golden light.
Inhale.
Holding it two, three,
four, and exhale.
Great.
And just one more time,
feeling one with that light.
And inhale.
Holding it two, three,
four, and exhale.
Great.
And now as you
sit in this space,
I just want you to place
your mind upon your heart.
The beautiful green
light from your heart,
the seat of unconditional
love, the seat of the soul,
the space of healing,
balance, harmony, peace,
your connection to
the oneness of being.
Love, by its very nature, is
not to keep, but to share.
So please surround yourself
with that green light
from the top of your head
to the bottom of your feet.
And then send it to the
person on your left side,
surrounding them with that
beautiful, loving green light.
Divine, heavenly parent,
we ask your blessing
on this meeting today.
Dear spirit friends,
draw near to me.
Spirit friends,
speak clear to me.
Spirit friends, slow
down your voices.
When we hear, the
heart rejoices.
Give us glimpses of
eternity, and let
us know that you are free.
We thank you and bless you.
So it is.
And slowly open up your
eyes and be as one.
OK.
Are you ready?
Was that nice?
Yes.
Enjoy that?
Yeah, I see the colors
change in your auric field.
And it's almost a sense
sometimes of I get it now.
I'm in it.
I'm involved in it,
and it seems very real.
Your whole face changed.
You don't give yourself enough
time to experience yourself.
You worry a little bit.
>>AUDIENCE: Sometimes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, OK.
I first want to connect--
I have a gentleman standing
right here, right here.
And I'm not sure if he's
the father of one of yours.
But I feel your
father's passed over.
Is that right?
It's your father?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Mm-hm.
So let me just get in here.
So as I come and
connect with this man
as he was standing with
me during the meditation,
I must come to you.
And let me just see what
this man wants to say to me.
I have a big family here
with this gentleman.
It's definitely
your father here.
I have a big family
coming in here.
I got to tell you.
I said-- tell your
father's been with you.
Is there some mother on the
other side as well, please?
>>AUDIENCE: His mother?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, his mother.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Because I'm with her.
And I'm with two
siblings, by the way.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He's
talking about two siblings
that he's with as well, OK?
And I just want you to
know that he's there with
and they're all coming in here.
I want to talk to you
about your dad here.
Go on, go on.
Grandmother.
You know your grandmother.
You would know her, she said.
And I see a height difference.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
she's very short.
>>VAN PRAAGH: But he's here.
She's here.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I'm
very aware of that.
I'm very aware that he said
he was in a car with you.
And I'm not sure it was here,
just getting here today.
But I do feel as if
there was a sudden stop.
Or he said, you got
to pay attention.
There's something-- you weren't
looking somewhere in the car,
OK?
Now, can I ask if
there's a scratch
on that car on the side?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Mm-hm.
>>AUDIENCE: The windshield.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hm.
And he said that you
didn't get it fixed yet.
And he's just mindful of that.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh my god!
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because he was in
the car with you watching this,
you see.
So if I go to your car
and I'm sitting there
and I have the rear view
mirror-- you know that?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, the mirror, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Mm-hm.
And it was either changed or
you did something with it.
>>AUDIENCE: There
was the easy pass.
We changed that.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And you just
pulled it off just recently
and changed it?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
Oh my God!
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah,
just call me James.
So he was just
watching you do that.
Your dad is very much involved
and it's just to show you
that I've always been
involved in your lives.
So he's telling me now some
of the karmic connection.
We have lessons
together, he said.
He's calling them lessons.
He said, we share-- OK.
We share times
together, he said.
You look out for me,
I'll look out for you.
OK.
So he said, part of his karma--
and he's telling me this term
that I'm using here today--
he goes, James, it's not fully
like that.
I'm like, OK.
He said, let her know I'm
one of her protectors.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, because--
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm one
of your protectors.
>>AUDIENCE: I
wasn't close to him.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh,
well he is now.
Because obviously, he's
watching you drive.
One of your protectors.
Now, this is really
interesting you say that.
Because you weren't close
to him in the lifetime.
And just because of
that, in the spirit, now
he can be close to you.
>>AUDIENCE: That's beautiful.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You see that.
So there might have
been an obligation
that he could not fulfill
while he was in the human body.
But certainly he
can in the spirit.
Same thing happened
to me and my mother.
She couldn't be with
me in the physical.
But when she passed
to spirit, she
was my guide or
one of my guides.
>>AUDIENCE: That's beautiful.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now, I would know
about alcohol problem here.
So I know it would be
someone passed over who
would have had
drinking problems.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: My uncle, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your uncle.
Would that be related
to your father?
Would that be--
>>AUDIENCE: No, my mother.
My mother's brother.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, OK.
I know there's drinking
in that family.
And I'm going to say
both sides somewhere.
So I say, the man on
your mother's side.
There's a woman on
your father's side.
I got to go there.
I just got to go there there.
Sorry.
I also want to go, by the
way, to your mother who's
here living down here, right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So he talks
about her being down here, OK?
And I know that there's problems
either with a living situation
right now-- I know
things are going
up and down with her
living situation.
You understand that?
Yes or no?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Great.
And I'm very, very aware
as he makes me aware.
He's talking to me about how you
have a change with the family,
change her living
situation, or there's
talk about putting her someplace
or changing her or living
with somebody else,
changing things around.
>>AUDIENCE: Correct.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
it's up in the air right now.
>>AUDIENCE: Correct.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
dad didn't pass away
with like a blood pressure
aneurysm of some kind, did he?
>>AUDIENCE: Heart attack.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, heart attack.
OK.
>>AUDIENCE: Massive
heart attack.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He
had a heard attack.
I'm going to say blood pressure
here, and I don't know why.
But I know that I want
your mother's blood
pressure checked.
Am I predicting her dying
that way with the aneurysm?
No, because I don't do that.
But I know that I need to
check blood pressure, just
for her health, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I also
know that-- go on-- you
have some jewelery which-- what?
You're talking
about-- she's talking
about you having this jewelery,
someone's jewelery you have.
Is that grandmother's jewelery,
or whose the jewelry--
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, I have my
grandmother's, but I also
design jewelery.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Because they're talking
about jewelery with you.
And you were just looking
at jewelry as well.
And if I come to you-- I
know you said you design it.
But they're showing me--
now this grandmother's
coming in who would
have known you
when you were a little
girl-- a little girl.
And I do have patent leather
shoes on, by the way.
I do, and I'm clip-clapping
around, you know.
I am.
You know, when there
was a strap, this--
what they call the--
>>AUDIENCE: Mary Janes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I
know that you have them.
She shows me that.
That's very interesting.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh my god.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Remember
that, don't you?
And I know recently,
or she's giving me
this-- grandma's giving me--
she's very interested in your--
what are you saying?
Karmically, we're
connected, too, always.
Oh, that's very interesting.
She said, I am with the
female side of the family.
And I'm the one who takes
care of the females.
And that you could say is
my karma she's on about.
OK, so-- but she
likes to be more
with the female side
than the male side.
She said, I'm more
understood with the females
than the males.
That's what she's talking about.
I was a church-going
lady, she said.
She was just-- I was
a church-going lady.
She didn't believe necessarily
in this sort of a thing.
But she's there.
And she wants me to
tell you that you
have some kind of strange
filing system with your jewelry.
So-- you understand
that, don't you?
No one really can
understand it but you.
She wants me to tell
you about either-- what?
Got it.
Bringing somebody
into your business.
Or there's been talk
about you bringing someone
into the business, sharing it.
Is that right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that.
And she said, you
just be careful.
You just be careful
about that, OK?
Now, I know this lady loves to
live through you because she
didn't have an opportunity
to live for herself when
she was alive.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that.
She had to do everything
everybody wanted.
So I'll leave you with that.
You need new brakes on the
car, your father just said.
Sorry.
He said you're
putting the brakes
on the car, your new car.
You understand
about that, right?
>>AUDIENCE: It's an old car.
>>VAN PRAAGH: But you've been
putting-- you need new brakes
or you've been delaying
putting some brakes.
You're delaying doing something
with the brakes, correct?
>>AUDIENCE: It was-- shot, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Around the wheels?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
That's amazing.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's
your father, not mine.
And I know he wants
you-- and I know
your mother-- don't
want you to get
as obsessed with your mother
as far as you doing everything.
Now, we had a lovely
lady here talking
about how she feels she's got
to do everything for everyone.
Don't do that, OK?
You've got to let your other
family members help in, OK?
Your mom's having trouble
with her legs, by the way.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So
she needs to, you
know-- so if we can get someone
there to take care of the legs.
I know you've been
rubbing her legs.
You've been massaging her legs.
And--
>>AUDIENCE: I don't
live near her.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Who's doing
the massaging of her legs?
>>AUDIENCE: She has an aid.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Because your dad's talking
about massaging her legs.
And her mother's over
here watching it.
And she said that's really
good for her circulation.
So--
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'll
leave you with that, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you very much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, good.
I have a gentlemen
that comes here.
And this man would
be about probably 68,
around 68, late 60s
when he passes away.
I feel like I have
dark hair back
to the-- back this way here.
I feel this man-- I'm OK.
I'm pretty calm, I'm pretty
mild person in the lifetime.
And I feel, though--
and when I pass away,
I'm not overly surprised, but
I'm very enlightened, very
happy that I've found this
place, that there is no death,
and that I'm very happy here.
I was quiet in a lifetime.
But I feel like a gentle soul.
And I know that I got
to go with this man.
And I-- I feel like my hair
is straight back, brown back.
Might be a little balding here.
But feels slicking
my hair back here.
And I'm just going to
get more with this man.
I feel-- or, I was in the
hospital here and there.
There might have been
some blood sugar diabetes
problem at one point or
that'd being significant.
I know that recently,
my name was brought up
in a family situation
or a thought of me.
And that's what I
got to give out.
It make senses?
It make sense to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Do you
understand the name Pete?
Tell us what makes sense.
>>AUDIENCE: Pete
is my grandfather.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: He died
a few years ago.
He was tall.
When he was younger,
he had black hair.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Brought
it back at one point?
You know, slicked it back?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
And what about diabetes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, he
used to be really heavy.
And then he had to lose weight
because the doctors were
concerned that--
>>VAN PRAAGH: And would
you know about those scars
that he was referring to?
So scars either in the
leg or around the knees.
And I don't know if there
was talk about even getting--
amputating a leg or
something at one point.
But there might have
been some scars here.
Do you not know that?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm not sure, but
he was a World War II veteran.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Ah.
>>AUDIENCE: So I do
know that he had scars.
And I remember.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I go here, too--
I just-- he shows it really,
really clearly.
What is your name?
>>AUDIENCE: Marialena.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Marialena.
May I bring through
more for you, please?
And would you know a--
Anna-- Anne-- Anna?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, I
have an aunt Anna.
>>VAN PRAAGH: On this side?
I know that he comes from a
big family as a young boy.
So I go back into memory
with this gentleman.
I want to go back to young time.
I know there's movement all
around, different places.
And I know that I need to get--
I don't feel like he had--
he gives me a sense that he
wasn't wealthy growing up.
I feel it was kind of-- I
don't want to say dirt poor.
But it was farm or
it was-- it was poor.
It was-- it was, you know,
they didn't have a lot.
And I know that he tries
to make the best he can.
You understand that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know that
this second generation back--
the second generation
from him has
a much better life than he had.
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
I know that he would have either
lost a son in his lifetime--
do you understand that please?
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
So I know that karmically that
that was a lesson, karmically,
that that soul, those
two souls went through.
And that definitely
was karmic in that.
I think in the
past incarnation--
and now I'm putting my spin
into this-- that he left early.
And that other soul had to know
what it's like to lose a child.
So it has to be balanced out.
There's got to be
a wholeness, OK?
I need to let you know
that I'm with my son now.
I'm with my son now,
and they are reunited.
Yes.
And I know this man, as we spoke
about earlier, has-- really?
How interesting.
He's very philosophical
now when he's coming in.
And now that we've
let him speak,
he's now coming
out of his shell.
Because if I say
that to you, I think
once you got to
know this man, you
heard about a lot
of stories he told.
There were a lot of stories.
And I don't think you knew
him really well, by the way.
But I know you know
him through stories.
And I know when he's a young
man, he's a shyish kind of guy,
stands back.
But now when he's
invited into the space,
he opens up and speaks.
I know I do a lot
for brothers of mine.
I know I work with my
brothers when I'm younger.
I know I work with a company.
I run the family.
I'm very aware of that.
You understand?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm very
aware that we took tenants
into the place we lived in.
So there were
other people living
in that place like tenants.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes?
OK.
Just so we can hear you.
>>AUDIENCE: There
was a separate house.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
they rented it out
or had people stay
in there, correct,?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, uh-huh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Great.
I know that this man tells
me he had-- one of his ears
did not work.
So he said, one of his ears--
I think it was a left ear.
I'm not sure.
But he couldn't
hear out of one ear.
>>AUDIENCE: Hearing aid, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And wouldn't there
be a Robert somewhere, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Robert
is the son who died.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Robert's
the son who died.
Thank you very much.
So I know that I'm
with this Robert.
OK?
Yes, I hear you.
Thank you very much.
He's really pushy.
He said, get it right, James!
OK, I'm getting it right.
I'm doing my best.
Now, where's your mom?
Is she still living?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
And I know you're
wearing a scarf here.
But your mother's wearing
scarfs, he's telling me.
He said, your mother loves
to wear scarves herself.
So he says, he always sees
her with scarves around her.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And if you could
bring your mother to Paris--
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand about the
going to Paris with your mother?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
Because he's telling me that.
Now, I don't know
if that-- thank you.
I hear you now.
Come on in.
Good.
He's letting-- he likes to
play music still, he said.
And he said, you understand
about the Paris connection.
I don't know if that already
happened or you're going to.
>>AUDIENCE: She went to
Paris and she came back
and said she wants
to go together.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Fab.
>>AUDIENCE: It's like
one of her dreams.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Fabulous.
Fabulous.
Can I just say to you that
this gentleman and the family
on her side--
mother, father, yes--
they're making that
happen for them.
For her and for you.
OK?
So I know that-- of
course, here we go,
karma again-- that
you and your mother
have a very close relationship.
And I'm very, very
aware that there
was a separation in
the time that you
two could be together,
whether it was school or work,
four years you
couldn't be together.
You understand that?
Four years.
Not five years, not three,
but there were four years.
And you were going to get
those times back in Paris.
Would you have a
glass of wine for them
in the spirit as a celebration?
Because they get you there,
You'll see how
weird things happen.
And next year
spring time, you'll
see how it all falls into place.
And they're-- they're
pulling the strings.
So I'll leave you with that.
Is that OK, sweetheart?
And love to your mother by the
way from everyone over here.
I know she had a brother
that passed as well.
And I want to give--
you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>JAMES VAN PRAAGH:
And I want to give love
from her brother
who's helping her out.
And she's-- what?
Right.
She's in between cleaning
closets out and moving things
around and storage
and moving things.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
My sisters just
moved this weekend.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Just-- this weekend?
>>AUDIENCE: They
were moving boxes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Great, great.
This weekend.
That's great.
Fabulous.
So I know that they've
talked to me about that.
And I'm very, very aware that
they're helping with that move.
It's a good thing.
She needs to have
some reassurance
she's doing the right thing.
So I've got to leave
you with that, OK?
So much love.
Please give to her.
I understand that.
Right.
They're screaming at you.
Stop complaining
about losing weight.
Right?
>>AUDIENCE: I just
started a diet this week.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Did you
start a diet this week?
Because they're
saying to me, you
stop beating yourself
up about losing weight.
When you look in that mirror,
say, oh, I got to lose weight,
stop it.
You're a beautiful being.
So you curtail certain
things like not
eat-- I don't eat bread anymore.
It's really hard.
But it helps.
So you just watch what you eat.
But you're beautiful.
Don't put yourself at--
oh, you're beautiful.
They don't like you
see-- they don't
like to see you beat yourself
up in front of the mirror, OK?
So would you respect
and honor yourself?
I love you.
Thank you.
I'll leave you with that.
I love doing this work.
It's like being the love doctor.
Doctor Bob Bay.
And it's really interesting.
Because I love that, being
the conduit for the spirit.
And I thank you.
And as I stop the
connection, it's
almost as if they really
want to still continue.
So they'll be with you.
So they'll be with you, yeah?
So that's really
important you realize
it doesn't stop
just when I stop.
They're close and
you can hear them
if you just get out of your
head into that heart space
and just listen to
the subtle whispers.
That's really what it is.
I have a lady who
comes to me here.
It's a mother figure.
It's a mother figure, a
mother-in-law, I'm not sure.
There's a motherly
feel-- feeling here.
I feel like I'm in my
'70s when I pass over.
I feel as if I shouldn't
have gone when I went.
Now, the feeling
this lady gives me,
and she's talking about
getting her hair done.
How interesting.
And she likes to have her
hair highlighted, done.
Wavy hair I have here.
It looks more to the lighter
side than darker side,
but brownish with some
light-- I don't know,
brown with light hair.
I'm not a hair person.
But-- and I know
that some-- I know
that I'm either-- either
an operation or procedure.
And I shouldn't
have gone, or there
wasn't expecting me
to pass, and I did.
And that's what I-- I know
that I'm aware of that.
And I'm very, very healthy
really up to that point.
And I know that I
have to come in here.
And I know I have to
let myself be known.
And go on, what else, love?
She needs to be called out.
So does that make
sense to somebody?
No one yet.
OK.
Got it, got it.
I know it's a mother.
So keep on going with
that mother-- mother.
And now I have a daughter
here in the audience.
>>AUDIENCE: It might be me.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Might be you.
What is your name?
>>AUDIENCE: Tammy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Tammy.
Let's see if it works for you.
If it works for
somebody else, would you
stand up and let me know?
And I'm sorry, gentlemen.
I don't-- it's not for you.
I know it isn't.
Because she said her
daughter is here.
So I gotta go with that.
And I know that there would have
been a procedure of some kind,
correct?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's the word
I want to use-- procedure.
Would you mind standing, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Sure.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Tammy, so you
understand about the mother
figure who passes over that way.
So I know that lady likes to--
she's talking about her hair.
And if you could remember--
because if this make sense.
And if it doesn't make
sense, you say no, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: But I know
what this lady comes in
and I need to come through.
I have a need to speak.
I have a need to come
through because I've
been trying to express
myself for a long time.
And I haven't-- they haven't
been listening to me.
And that's her personality.
She's loud.
She's-- oh.
Now, I'm going to
tell you that-- go on.
She doesn't like to beat
herself up, which is great.
But she said, I shouldn't
have had something done.
Or something's the second--
the procedure of some kind
shouldn't have happened
the way it did.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
>>JAMES VAN PRAAGH: Yes?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Great.
Don't say mm-hm.
Say yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Great.
Good.
And I know that she wants
me to tell about her face.
I know she's talking about
breathing problem, too.
OK?
So before she passes,
I cannot breathe.
So they gave her oxygen.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Remember that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
Now I know you must
have necklaces of hers.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
she's telling me necklaces.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I
know that there's
Indian necklaces or Indian
jewelery that she had as well.
>>AUDIENCE: She liked
turquoise a lot.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Turquoise,
that was the word.
Turquoise.
I know there's a ring that I
can put on this finger here.
I know that I have
earrings as well.
And I know I'm very, very aware
of that-- I love that culture.
I'm very aware of that.
Of course, being from
Wyoming, she would be.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: But I know there
must be two houses as well.
>>AUDIENCE: Like the
cabin and the house.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand yes.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Would
she have known of that
then in her lifetime?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
So there'd be two places.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Good.
Great.
I know what she says.
I know that I'm
under anesthesia.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know that
I don't like the anesthesia.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know
that I'm afraid to go
into under anesthesia
before I go.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know she must
have spoken to you about that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Did she
mention it to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
She went in and had procedures.
And then they found out
she had like a tumor
on her pituitary gland.
>>VAN PRAAGH: They
decided to take it off.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
they shouldn't have.
>>AUDIENCE: But she
actually did come home
and died before she went
back in the second time.
>>VAN PRAAGH: The second time.
There you go.
Because she's just
telling me there's
a procedure I should
not have had done.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I don't
know why she's mention
Carol's-- the name Carol.
>>AUDIENCE: Hm--
>>VAN PRAAGH: But
she's mentioning
Carolynn or Caroline,
this sort of thing.
Caroline?
>>AUDIENCE: That's
my friend Carol.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Carol, OK.
And you came with her.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Carol, your mother's also
passed over to the side, please.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I know
that she's coming with her.
Would you mind standing also?
So Carol-- so I know
that you might not
have known her mother
in the lifetime.
You didn't know her
mother, did you?
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: But I
know that your two
mothers know each other.
>>AUDIENCE: Cool.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know
that they brought you
together in their own way, OK?
I know that with your mother, I
feel inside all messed up here.
I feel-- I don't know if it
was a cancerous condition,
but I feel it was.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I just feel
like I'm really depleted.
And I just got to tell you
I have trouble walking,
I have trouble
controlling everything.
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hm.
Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I know-- if
I get emotional here with her.
She's coming in, very
different personalities.
Suck it up.
Just let her come in here.
She's coming really
close to me because she
wants you to know she's fine.
You remind her of herself
when she was younger.
You remind her of herself.
And you even look like her.
You can see a physicality which
is very similar, she said.
And she said, I never
meant to hurt you.
I never meant to--
never had the feeling
that I loved others
more than you.
You understand that, my love?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
She doesn't want you
to have that feeling.
Because it's not true.
And she said, if she
presented herself
that way, I'm very sorry.
She's very sorry.
And I know karmically,
there's definitely
a relationship here
with you and your mom.
Obligate-- there's
definitely strong ones.
Now, your dad must have
passed over as well.
Is that right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now, because I
can feel your dad's over there
for quite a while
before your mom.
And I know that your dad
sets up the position,
sets up the scenario, sets
up the space for your mother
to come over.
I know that we have a lovely
fire going on in the fireplace.
I know your dad likes
a stone fireplace.
I know that he feels
very home with a stone
fireplace, a wooden fire.
He feels I want to sit there
in front of that fireplace.
And I could be--
that's his meditation.
You understand that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, I do.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And would
you have the happy memory
which he has which is of the
grandkids running around?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I
would be in that room
when that fireplace is going.
I have a table there,
like a coffee table.
I have a carpet underneath
that coffee table.
And I have wooden
floors underneath that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You understand.
That's what he shows me.
Yes?
So I'm very, very aware of that.
And I see that was one of the
happiest times-- happy times,
happy times.
And he has a son as well.
Do you have a son?
Or do you have a son?
Your dad?
>>AUDIENCE: I have a son.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You have a son.
>>AUDIENCE: And
I have a brother.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, OK.
Still live down here?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So the
brother would be his son.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right.
Would you please give
love to there please, OK?
OK, got to do that.
I know it's hard
for the two of you.
I know it's very difficult.
I know you haven't spoken.
I know you have different lives.
But I know that
there's a commonality.
And he wants to tell
you that he's with him.
He's with your brother.
And I need to tell you that.
Carol, you need speak to him.
In your mind, you can speak
to him or write a letter.
Whatever you can do, OK?
Because I know there
was some healing
that's still needed there.
>>AUDIENCE: OK
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know that I
come in here and tell you--
and your mother
wants to tell you,
she's-- she's a pipsqueak
when she comes in.
She's-- she's not as
outgoing as your dad is when
she's speaking.
But I know that there's
a flag you have.
You either have a flag
of your dad's or a flag
that belonged in that household.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, good.
Thank you very, very much.
I know that you're
not doing this alone.
I know that your mother--
your mother-- your father
brings her here so she can
see that she's better now.
That you are better,
that she's better,
and that your
mother feels better.
Your mother took a
little bit of a while
to get her strength back when
she passed into the light.
When she passed
into the spirit, she
had a little bit of time to
get back-- her sustainability,
she had to.
And he brought her here
tonight, and you brought her.
Your mother also is helping her.
Because I think
your mother might
have been over a bit
longer than her mom
and helping her show the way.
So she's showing her the way.
And they're good friends now.
And I don't know
if they play cards,
but they're going to play cards.
And they're going to do crafts.
And they like you
two being friends.
But I just want to say
one more thing here--
that you created friendships
here and in heaven
and that they come
back and make that
manifest kind of through you
guys in that they can come back
and karmic-- good karma.
We want to hold good karma.
Here we go.
It's good stuff that
you two came together.
I think it's going to
be lifetime friends.
But I know there's a trip coming
up for both of you sharing it.
And they're going to be
with you all the way.
So God bless you both.
I'll leave you all with that.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So it's a
very, very interesting topic
and subject.
And we can definitely go more
in depth to karma, of energy,
of what you give
out, you get back.
And remember that
they see everything
that you're thinking.
So send out happy
thoughts, good karma.
And please continue doing
that the rest of your life.
And I hope to see you again.
And everybody that's
watching, good karma.
Send out good energy.
Until the next time.
Thank you, everybody.
Love and light to all of you.
Bye-bye.